c:\users\andr_ang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DirectX test\DirectX test\bin\Debug\DirectX test.exe.config
c:\users\andr_ang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DirectX test\DirectX test\bin\Debug\DirectX test.exe
c:\users\andr_ang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DirectX test\DirectX test\bin\Debug\DirectX test.pdb
c:\users\andr_ang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DirectX test\DirectX test\bin\Debug\DirectX test.xml
c:\users\andr_ang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DirectX test\DirectX test\bin\Debug\SharpDX.D3DCompiler.dll
c:\users\andr_ang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DirectX test\DirectX test\bin\Debug\SharpDX.Desktop.dll
c:\users\andr_ang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DirectX test\DirectX test\bin\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
c:\users\andr_ang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DirectX test\DirectX test\bin\Debug\SharpDX.dll
c:\users\andr_ang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DirectX test\DirectX test\bin\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
c:\users\andr_ang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DirectX test\DirectX test\bin\Debug\SharpDX.xml
c:\users\andr_ang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DirectX test\DirectX test\bin\Debug\SharpDX.D3DCompiler.xml
c:\users\andr_ang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DirectX test\DirectX test\bin\Debug\SharpDX.Desktop.xml
c:\users\andr_ang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DirectX test\DirectX test\bin\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
c:\users\andr_ang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DirectX test\DirectX test\bin\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
c:\users\andr_ang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DirectX test\DirectX test\obj\Debug\DirectX test.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\andr_ang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DirectX test\DirectX test\obj\Debug\DirectX_test.Resources.resources
c:\users\andr_ang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DirectX test\DirectX test\obj\Debug\DirectX test.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\andr_ang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DirectX test\DirectX test\obj\Debug\DirectX test.exe
c:\users\andr_ang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DirectX test\DirectX test\obj\Debug\DirectX test.xml
c:\users\andr_ang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DirectX test\DirectX test\obj\Debug\DirectX test.pdb
c:\users\andr_ang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DirectX test\DirectX test\obj\Debug\DirectX_test.Form1.resources
c:\users\andr_ang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DirectX test\DirectX test\obj\Debug\DirectX_test.UCGame.resources
c:\users\andr_ang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DirectX test\DirectX test\bin\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
c:\users\andr_ang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DirectX test\DirectX test\bin\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
c:\users\andr_ang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DirectX test\DirectX test\bin\Debug\SharpDX.Mathematics.dll
c:\users\andr_ang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DirectX test\DirectX test\bin\Debug\SharpDX.Mathematics.xml
c:\users\andr_ang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DirectX test\DirectX test\bin\Debug\pixelShader.hlsl
c:\users\andr_ang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DirectX test\DirectX test\bin\Debug\vertexShader.hlsl
c:\users\andr_ang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DirectX test\DirectX test\bin\Debug\Microsoft.DirectX.Direct3D.dll
c:\users\andr_ang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DirectX test\DirectX test\bin\Debug\Microsoft.DirectX.Direct3DX.dll
c:\users\andr_ang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DirectX test\DirectX test\bin\Debug\Microsoft.DirectX.dll
C:\Users\andr_ang\Source\Repos\SharpDX_test\.gitignore\DirectX test\bin\Debug\DirectX test.exe.config
C:\Users\andr_ang\Source\Repos\SharpDX_test\.gitignore\DirectX test\obj\Debug\DirectX test.exe
C:\Users\andr_ang\Source\Repos\SharpDX_test\.gitignore\DirectX test\obj\Debug\DirectX test.xml
C:\Users\andr_ang\Source\Repos\SharpDX_test\.gitignore\DirectX test\obj\Debug\DirectX test.pdb
C:\Users\andr_ang\Source\Repos\SharpDX_test\.gitignore\DirectX test\bin\Debug\pixelShader.hlsl
C:\Users\andr_ang\Source\Repos\SharpDX_test\.gitignore\DirectX test\bin\Debug\vertexShader.hlsl
C:\Users\andr_ang\Source\Repos\SharpDX_test\.gitignore\DirectX test\bin\Debug\DirectX test.exe
C:\Users\andr_ang\Source\Repos\SharpDX_test\.gitignore\DirectX test\bin\Debug\DirectX test.pdb
C:\Users\andr_ang\Source\Repos\SharpDX_test\.gitignore\DirectX test\bin\Debug\DirectX test.xml
C:\Users\andr_ang\Source\Repos\SharpDX_test\.gitignore\DirectX test\bin\Debug\Microsoft.DirectX.Direct3D.dll
C:\Users\andr_ang\Source\Repos\SharpDX_test\.gitignore\DirectX test\bin\Debug\Microsoft.DirectX.Direct3DX.dll
C:\Users\andr_ang\Source\Repos\SharpDX_test\.gitignore\DirectX test\bin\Debug\Microsoft.DirectX.dll
C:\Users\andr_ang\Source\Repos\SharpDX_test\.gitignore\DirectX test\bin\Debug\SharpDX.D3DCompiler.dll
C:\Users\andr_ang\Source\Repos\SharpDX_test\.gitignore\DirectX test\bin\Debug\SharpDX.Desktop.dll
C:\Users\andr_ang\Source\Repos\SharpDX_test\.gitignore\DirectX test\bin\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
C:\Users\andr_ang\Source\Repos\SharpDX_test\.gitignore\DirectX test\bin\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
C:\Users\andr_ang\Source\Repos\SharpDX_test\.gitignore\DirectX test\bin\Debug\SharpDX.dll
C:\Users\andr_ang\Source\Repos\SharpDX_test\.gitignore\DirectX test\bin\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
C:\Users\andr_ang\Source\Repos\SharpDX_test\.gitignore\DirectX test\bin\Debug\SharpDX.Mathematics.dll
C:\Users\andr_ang\Source\Repos\SharpDX_test\.gitignore\DirectX test\bin\Debug\SharpDX.xml
C:\Users\andr_ang\Source\Repos\SharpDX_test\.gitignore\DirectX test\bin\Debug\SharpDX.D3DCompiler.xml
C:\Users\andr_ang\Source\Repos\SharpDX_test\.gitignore\DirectX test\bin\Debug\SharpDX.Desktop.xml
C:\Users\andr_ang\Source\Repos\SharpDX_test\.gitignore\DirectX test\bin\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
C:\Users\andr_ang\Source\Repos\SharpDX_test\.gitignore\DirectX test\bin\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
C:\Users\andr_ang\Source\Repos\SharpDX_test\.gitignore\DirectX test\bin\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
C:\Users\andr_ang\Source\Repos\SharpDX_test\.gitignore\DirectX test\bin\Debug\SharpDX.Mathematics.xml
C:\Users\andr_ang\Source\Repos\SharpDX_test\.gitignore\DirectX test\obj\Debug\DirectX test.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\andr_ang\Source\Repos\SharpDX_test\.gitignore\DirectX test\obj\Debug\DirectX_test.Form1.resources
C:\Users\andr_ang\Source\Repos\SharpDX_test\.gitignore\DirectX test\obj\Debug\DirectX_test.UCGame.resources
C:\Users\andr_ang\Source\Repos\SharpDX_test\.gitignore\DirectX test\obj\Debug\DirectX_test.Resources.resources
C:\Users\andr_ang\Source\Repos\SharpDX_test\.gitignore\DirectX test\obj\Debug\DirectX test.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\andr_ang\Source\Repos\SharpDX_test\DirectX test\bin\Debug\DirectX test.exe.config
C:\Users\andr_ang\Source\Repos\SharpDX_test\DirectX test\obj\Debug\DirectX test.exe
C:\Users\andr_ang\Source\Repos\SharpDX_test\DirectX test\obj\Debug\DirectX test.xml
C:\Users\andr_ang\Source\Repos\SharpDX_test\DirectX test\obj\Debug\DirectX test.pdb
